Now that you have an understanding i will give context on how each tab of admin panel will be used. Changing each page will require their 1 individual phase so for all pages it will require 11-12 phases. its a lengthy work but i dont want anything rushed and any feature skipped. everything needs to be precise and not use any jargon. 1. First of all ive already done the committee page which has been fine tuned to a great point where this can work as a guideline for other pages. the style the shapes the cards how everything is structured if you miss anything follow committee page. 2. The dashboard page : First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. Currently showing useless data and some placeholder stuff. I want it to work as a c-panel that we use to adminster a website. I like how a wordpress c panel has so much data like total unique visitors, avarage time on page, total impresions total clicks etc. If thats part of the cpanel then we can do that, but if its part of google site kit we need a plan to intrigate that if possible. Also theres so many more settings to a website that needs to be controlled i want everything in the dashboard. If you can show actual analytics then the dashboard page can hold separate tabs inside of it for analytics and controls. Controls can be website based like join page on or off, submissions on or off stuff like that and more (Context later) 3. The members page: First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizing's so nothing goes outside bounds. It is currently fine and is holding records for fall 25 and spring 26 members and their info The 4th card on the members page that holds departments data is useless. Like 1st card shows total members which is fine. the 2nd card hold application status as filter which has to go. the filters here can be replaced check committee page filters and use those here. The 3rd card department also has to go and 3trd card from committee page that holds session year can be put here. in the table Student name isn't visible. make the table compact just like committee page table so it doesn't have horizontal scroll and status isn't something that's necessary i will work on the members table later to remove that but can be remove from the table to make space 4. Events page : First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizing's so nothing goes outside bounds. Context for this page : UIUPC holds many events. these can be club signature events or some outside workshop or anything photography related. This page will manage all events it needs to have a robust ability to create edit and remove events. Events can include timers cover photo details tittle etc. once the event has concluded we can add event images. this page needs to be directly wired to fronted /events page where theres 3 slots - 1) Upcoming events (Should show events with upcoming tag with proper timer) 2) Recently Concluded (Should show last ended event and its info and images when clicked) 3) More events (This should show events i choose to show in the admin panel like i can select tags for events and those will show up in more events) and as we need to pick images we need the drive picker (already available) Add proper functionality to the admin events page to properly handle all of these cases. 5. Live Map : First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. Context for this page: This page controls the same /event page but only the map part on top. This should be highly connected with the admin event page. I create an event on event page that event shows up on live map page. Then i can select a location for that event and show that on the map. it should update the marker on admin page and the frontend. I can choose color and link to that event page here so when clicked on the map it takes them there. 6. Exhibition: First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. Context for this page: The exhibition page is not a page we will always use. When we host exhibitions this page will operate to take peoples submissions. so this page needs to be robust and bulletproof. It should show appropriate data and it should have controls with the google drive as we will take user image submissions through google drive. When we take photos for exhibition there is a fee taken as well so it should also handle that. 7. Gallery: First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. Context for this page: We have many events hosted, we curate images then edit them. after editing is done we post them. We will create google drive folder for that events photos, drop them in that folder and under that events name we will put those photos in this tab. This also needs a great connection with the events page as we talked about earlier about concluded event photos. This page also manages the /gallery page. The /gallery page is a bit complex. From events page when user wants more from an already concluded event they click more and they are directed to that events gallery page which is good but on top of the gallery page theres a unique modernhero images section that shows at a time 30-40 images. I want to be able to select what images show up on top of there so there needs to be a tag on the images just like we did in events. and as we need to pick images we need the drive picker (already available) 8. Blog: First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. Context for this page: Blogs are everything else apart from the events. It can be a wishing facebook post, or a special day post. This page is clean and simple We add a blog here and it shows up on the frontend blog page. The blogs can include tittle, description, image and a link to the facebook, instagram, linkedin post. and as we need to pick images we need the drive picker (already available) 9. Departments: First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. Context for this page: In total uiupc has 4 departments and 2 teams (they are all same departments but for design and visual we call them team instead of department) Departments page in the frontend will act as departmental work and department's own archive on what they want to post. this will be card based. take blog cards for example they can post departmental achivements or departmental images or anything. Among these the design and visual teams will have unique pages. These pages will showcase designers/visualizers and their work, kind of like a portfolio. Lets say pulok sikdar was a designer. we can go to uiupc.com/design/pulok sikder and see his profile, his work that he did for uiupc and his other portfolio links. this will be same for visual as well. Now the admin page of departments needs to adjust to this and give me tools specific to these needs and allow me to control each department individually. Remember 1 departments page allows me to control each department page individually where design and visual department pages are unique. and as we need to pick images we need the drive picker (already available) 10. Achievements : First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. This page is also simple just like blog page where we post achivements made by uiupc and post them with tittle, description and image and it shows up on frontend. Make sure this connection works and as we need to pick images we need the drive picker (already available). 11. Finance: First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. This page will hold all financial records of uiupc. we will have available budget and robust transaction adding removing editing with tittles for each transaction and images for receipts so a table works. Context on how uiupc operates: We dont get university fundings, we have events where sometimes we take cash, we sell merchendise so that contributes as well but when we do big events we sometimes get sponsors and budget from university. So along with day to day spendings we need to be able to separate the event based spendings but at the end of the day the available balance is 1 point of source. Connect event page with finance as well to do the event part as there will be spendings for every event that can be logged as well. this doesnt need a driver picker instead an uploader because we need to add reciepts for the transactions. 12. Admins : First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. Context for this page : This page and the next page (audit) is highly important and may be what binds all the pages together. First of all there will be 1 Core Admin access to the photography club mail. This will have access to everything in the admin panel. we can set everything and add or remove access to certain emails. Then there are departmental mail access. Each departmental mail will have access to admin panel but they will not have access to lets say finance page or committee page edit remove stuff. Instead of locking them to not having access at all we can do request access system where if they want any request the core email admin will be allowed to grant or reject that request. There will also be another email access called alumni which we will provide to our advisors. The admins page will not only hold access to these accounts but also what scope of access each of them have and what type of changes they requested etc. Also no database changes will be directly done through any user other than the core email. If any other account requests a database change, lets say HR updates a member, They will see that that change is pending and core will have to see the changes and approve that in order to update database. This 1 point of contact will be secured throughout the admin panel. (We will also have the ability to turn this off) 12. Audit : First of all make sure this page is highly responsive and works well on smartphone including text sizings so nothing goes outside bounds. Context :The audit page will act as a robust audior for every action that is done by an admin. this can be any admin account. and whatever they do and whatever action gets done will be logged here with time email and links. this page will audit everything and will not miss anything. If an action gets done it gets logged here. This page will also be hidden for others other than core admin. Now these are the admin panel pages and the context for their use case. Keeping their design language intact and not breaking anything make a 12 phase plan to do everything i mentioned. I will go over it, modify it if needed add to it remove it and once finalized we will implement it